everybody my name's Todd Betty I'm the
producer and creative director of SSX
and we're coming to you live from the
dev team floor here at EA Canada in
Vancouver it was a brighter day you can
see the mountains up there behind us but
unfortunately it's a little bit cloudy
and rainy today as is the case in
Vancouver most of the time anyhow we're
going to be coming to you with a series
of videos here have started
behind-the-scenes making-of SSX that
looks technical tom-toms doing something
over here really smart and this is the
kickoff video where we just kind of
wanted to tell you a little bit about
the franchise how we're reinventing it
how we're trying to stay true to what
SSX really was you know originally with
SSX we were looking at you know three
huge pillars to the game first being I'm
sort of our tagline is race it trick it
survive it what that really means is you
know sx always had a great racing
component it's always been a great
racing game and racing is about you know
finding the fastest line down the
mountain and and really about hitting
that sense of speed second big pillar
for us tricks so there's been a lot of a
lot of rumors that we're going to go
simulation or that you know tricks
aren't going to be a big part of this
game tricks are going to be a huge part
of this game and with tricks you know
it's really just about delivering huge
over-the-top gameplay it's about sort of
navigating these crazy three-dimensional
playgrounds with an incredible physics
engine that we've got just delivering
those huge over-the-top moments that you
would expect from SSX and then the third
pillar and sort of the the new aspect
that we're hoping to deliver with SSX is
something we're calling survival type
game play survival gameplay isn't about
somebody trying to shoot you or someone
trying to kill you while you're going
down the mountain it's more just
representative of what we've seen the
evolution of the sport to be which is
that there's people doing crazy things
out there risking their life taken lines
that you know previously could never
been taken before you combine that with
avalanches and rockslides and some of
the awesome power of Mother Nature and
you put that in a huge over-the-top
Arkady SSX wrapper and we think it's
going to represent a new pillar to the
franchise that's going to be
something interesting and new all right
so now let's go meet some of the guys
that you're going to see in some of the
future videos over here we have Ron
Mignola Ron is our art director hi there
run big know our director SSX got some
history the franchise worked on SSX
tricky SSX 3 and have been part of this
building this franchise back for a few
years now we have Dave Taylor Dave
Taylor is a producer and our director in
charge of world and level design hey I'm
Dave Taylor art director / producer
we're gonna be chatting about worlds the
scale of the game making awesome easy
and we have Sean smiley who's a producer
in charge of cinematics and audio and
presentation hey everybody I'm Sean
smiling pretty certain games on Iran s
sex come from previous SS X's s X 3 and
4 on this game more seeing audio
campaign and characters and these guys
have a rich history with SSX so I
consider them to be your guys
representative of the sort of SSX police
and making sure that everything we do
stays true to the franchise